Add explanation for most module-level reference pages (#1850)
optuna/optuna: docs/source/reference/distributions.rst

optuna.distributions
====================

> The :mod:`~optuna.distributions` module defines various Classes representing probability distributions, mainly used to suggest starting hyperparameter values for an optimization trial. A Distribution inherits from a library-internal BaseDistribution, and is initialized with specific parameters, such as the ``low`` and ``high`` endpoints for a :class:`~optuna.distributions.UniformDistribution`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :mod:`~optuna.distributions` module defines various classes representing probability distributions, mainly used to suggest initial hyperparameter values for an optimization trial. Distribution classes inherit from a library-internal :class:`~optuna.distributions.BaseDistribution`, and is initialized with specific parameters, such as the ``low`` and ``high`` endpoints for a :class:`~optuna.distributions.UniformDistribution`.
```

> Library users should not call use Distribution classes directly, but instead use utility functions provided by :class:`optuna.trial.Trial` such as :meth:`optuna.trial.Trial.suggest_int`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optuna users should not use distribution classes directly, but instead use utility functions provided by :class:`~optuna.trial.Trial` such as :meth:`~optuna.trial.Trial.suggest_int`.
```
